---
title: New Days
layout: post
postId: "002"
categories: daily
headerImage: /assets/images/haru.jpg
headerAlt: "haru"
---
**My friends taught me how to web design for phones**

Due to recent events I have found myself being more productive and using my camera more frequently. I am usually playing video games more often than I'd like to admit but recently I have felt less of an urge to play anything if I am doing so by myself. I now either want to play if some friends are online or do something that feels more productive.

One thing I've been occupying a lot of my time with is preparation for my dream trip to Japan. I plan on travelling there with my best homie in 2019, in either the Spring or Fall. I have been researching the culture, the language, the different regions and cities; there is so much to learn. Learning the language has been occupying the most of my time recently, it is very interesting to learn coming from an English foundation because for me most sentences appear in a backwards structure. It is proving to be difficult because of this but I plan on powering through until I am able to have a basic conversation.

I've been using my camera more frequently as well. I have a Pentax K1000, a wonderfully simple 35mm film SLR camera. I started shooting with it just after high school and used it to learn how the main components of photography operate. Sometime in the near future I'd love to graduate into using either a DSLR or mirrorless camera just for the convenience and shooting features. Once I get my recent pictures developed I will post a few on here.